docs(functions): add doc for ES6 modules (#636)
scaleway/docs-content: compute/functions/reference-content/code-examples.mdx

### Returning a function result in Node

<Message type="note">

> The following examples use CommonJS modules. If you use ES6 Modules refer to the [dedicated section of this documentation](#using-es-modules).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following examples use CommonJS modules. If you use ES modules refer to the [dedicated section of this documentation](#using-es-modules).
```

> The following examples uses CommonJS modules. If you use ES6 Modules refer to the [dedicated section of this documentation](#using-es-modules).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following examples use CommonJS modules. If you use ES6 Modules refer to the [dedicated section of this documentation](#using-es-modules).
```

### Returning a function result in Node

> **Note** Following examples uses `CommonJS` way for modules, if you consider using ES6 Modules 

Reviewer 2: <Message type="note">

The following examples uses `CommonJS` modules. If you use ES6 Modules refer to the end of this section.

</Message>

> **Note** Following examples uses `CommonJS` way for modules, if you consider using ES6 Modules 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Message type="note">

The following examples use `CommonJS` modules. To see examples for `ES6` modules, refer to the [dedicated section of this documentation](#using-es-modules).

</Message>
```

> please refer to the end of this section.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> please refer to the end of this section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

  ```js
  module.exports.myHandler = (event, context, callback) => {
    return {
      message: "message",
    };
    // Or
    return JSON.stringify({ message: "message" });
    // OR
    return "Hello, world";
    // OR
    return 1; // true,false,undefined,null...
  };
  ```

>   Using callback parameter:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Using the callback parameter:
```

  ```js
  module.exports.myHandler = (event, context, callback) => {
    const response = {
      statusCode: 201,
      body: {
        message: "async function",
      },
      headers: {
        "Content-Type": "application/json",
      },
    };
    // Successful response
    callback(undefined, response);
    // Error response
    callback(err);
  };
  ```

> 3. Return a `Promise`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Returning a `Promise`:
```

  };
  ```

### Using ES Modules

> [Official ESM documentaton](https://nodejs.org/api/esm.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ES-Modules are available since `node16` runtime on Scaleway Serverless Functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Node has two module systems: `CommonJS` modules and `ECMAScript` (`ES`) modules. By default, Node treats your code files as CommonJS modules, however [ES modules](https://nodejs.org/api/esm.html) have also been available since the release of `node16` runtime on Scaleway Serverless Functions. ES modules give you a more modern way to re-use your code.
```

> Recent versions of Node introduce a modern way to re-use your code. By default Node treats your code with `CommonJS`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> According to the official documentation you can enable module by specifying module type in `package.json`, example :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
According to the official documentation, to use ES modules you can specify the module type in `package.json`, as in the following example:
```

> According to the official documentation you can enable module by specifying module type in `package.json`, example :

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
According to the official documentation you can enable module by specifying module type in `package.json`, example:
```

```json
  ...
  "type": "module",
  ...
```

> And then you can write down your code ESM way :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This then enables you to write your code for ES modules:
```

> And then you can write down your code ESM way :

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
And then you can write down your code ESM way:
```

```javascript
export {handle};

function handle (event, context, cb) {
    return {
        body: process.version,
        statusCode: 200,
    };
};
```

> ES-Modules are encouraged to use since it's more efficient and easier to setup and debug.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The use of ES modules is encouraged, since they are more efficient and make setup and debugging much easier.
```

Note that using `"type": "module"` or `"type": "commonjs"` in your package.json will enable/disable some features in

> Node runtime, for comprehensive differences please read official documentation, this is a summary : 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Node runtime, for comprehensive differences please read official documentation, this is a summary: 
```

> Node runtime, for comprehensive differences please read official documentation, this is a summary : 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Node runtime. For a comprehensive list of differences, please refer to the [official documentation](https://nodejs.org/api/esm.html), the following is a summary only: 
```

- `commonjs` is used as default value

> - `commonjs` allows you to use `require/module.exports` (synchronous code loading, it basically copy all file content)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `commonjs` allows you to use `require/module.exports` (synchronous code loading, basically copying all file content)
```

> - `commonjs` allows you to use `require/module.exports` (synchronous code loading, it basically copy all file content)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `commonjs` allows you to use `require/module.exports` (synchronous code loading, it copies all file contents) 
```

> - `module` allows you to use `import/export` ES6 instructions (asynchronous loading, it's more optimized as it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `module` allows you to use `import/export` ES6 instructions (asynchronous loading, more optimized as it
```

> - `module` allows you to use `import/export` ES6 instructions (asynchronous loading, it's more optimized as it

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `module` allows you to use `import/export` ES6 instructions (asynchronous loading, it is more optimized as it
```
optimized for what? best to include it in the sentence

> imports pieces of code you need)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
imports only the pieces of code you need)
```
